transformer.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.in_proj_weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.in_proj_bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.out_proj.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.0.self_attn.out_proj.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.0.linear1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.0.linear1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.0.linear2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.0.linear2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.0.norm1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.0.norm1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.0.norm2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.0.norm2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.in_proj_weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.in_proj_bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.out_proj.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.1.self_attn.out_proj.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.1.linear1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.1.linear1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.1.linear2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.1.linear2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.1.norm1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.1.norm1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.1.norm2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.1.norm2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.in_proj_weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.in_proj_bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.out_proj.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.2.self_attn.out_proj.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.2.linear1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.2.linear1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.2.linear2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.2.linear2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.2.norm1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.2.norm1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.2.norm2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.2.norm2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.in_proj_weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.in_proj_bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.out_proj.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.3.self_attn.out_proj.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.3.linear1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.3.linear1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.3.linear2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.3.linear2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.3.norm1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.3.norm1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.3.norm2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.encoder.layers.3.norm2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.self_attn_entity.in_proj_weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.self_attn_entity.in_proj_bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.self_attn_entity.out_proj.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.self_attn_entity.out_proj.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm2_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm2_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_attn_entity.in_proj_weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_attn_entity.in_proj_bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_attn_entity.out_proj.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_attn_entity.out_proj.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm1_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm1_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.self_attn_so.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.self_attn_so.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.self_attn_so.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.self_attn_so.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm2_so.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm2_so.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_attn_sub.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_attn_sub.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_attn_sub.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_attn_sub.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm1_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm1_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_sub_entity.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_sub_entity.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_sub_entity.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_sub_entity.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm2_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm2_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_attn_obj.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_attn_obj.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_attn_obj.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_attn_obj.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm1_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm1_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_obj_entity.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_obj_entity.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_obj_entity.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.cross_obj_entity.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm2_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm2_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.linear1_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.linear1_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.linear2_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.linear2_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm3_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm3_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.linear1_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.linear1_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.linear2_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.linear2_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm3_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm3_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.linear1_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.linear1_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.linear2_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.linear2_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm3_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.0.norm3_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.self_attn_entity.in_proj_weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.self_attn_entity.in_proj_bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.self_attn_entity.out_proj.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.self_attn_entity.out_proj.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm2_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm2_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_attn_entity.in_proj_weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_attn_entity.in_proj_bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_attn_entity.out_proj.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_attn_entity.out_proj.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm1_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm1_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.self_attn_so.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.self_attn_so.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.self_attn_so.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.self_attn_so.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm2_so.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm2_so.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_attn_sub.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_attn_sub.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_attn_sub.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_attn_sub.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm1_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm1_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_sub_entity.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_sub_entity.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_sub_entity.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_sub_entity.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm2_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm2_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_attn_obj.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_attn_obj.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_attn_obj.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_attn_obj.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm1_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm1_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_obj_entity.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_obj_entity.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_obj_entity.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.cross_obj_entity.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm2_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm2_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.linear1_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.linear1_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.linear2_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.linear2_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm3_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm3_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.linear1_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.linear1_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.linear2_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.linear2_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm3_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm3_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.linear1_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.linear1_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.linear2_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.linear2_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm3_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.1.norm3_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.self_attn_entity.in_proj_weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.self_attn_entity.in_proj_bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.self_attn_entity.out_proj.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.self_attn_entity.out_proj.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm2_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm2_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_attn_entity.in_proj_weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_attn_entity.in_proj_bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_attn_entity.out_proj.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_attn_entity.out_proj.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm1_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm1_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.self_attn_so.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.self_attn_so.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.self_attn_so.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.self_attn_so.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm2_so.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm2_so.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_attn_sub.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_attn_sub.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_attn_sub.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_attn_sub.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm1_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm1_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_sub_entity.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_sub_entity.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_sub_entity.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_sub_entity.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm2_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm2_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_attn_obj.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_attn_obj.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_attn_obj.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_attn_obj.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm1_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm1_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_obj_entity.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_obj_entity.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_obj_entity.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.cross_obj_entity.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm2_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm2_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.linear1_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.linear1_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.linear2_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.linear2_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm3_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm3_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.linear1_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.linear1_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.linear2_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.linear2_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm3_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm3_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.linear1_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.linear1_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.linear2_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.linear2_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm3_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.2.norm3_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.self_attn_entity.in_proj_weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.self_attn_entity.in_proj_bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.self_attn_entity.out_proj.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.self_attn_entity.out_proj.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm2_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm2_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_attn_entity.in_proj_weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_attn_entity.in_proj_bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_attn_entity.out_proj.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_attn_entity.out_proj.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm1_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm1_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.self_attn_so.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.self_attn_so.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.self_attn_so.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.self_attn_so.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm2_so.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm2_so.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_attn_sub.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_attn_sub.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_attn_sub.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_attn_sub.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm1_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm1_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_sub_entity.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_sub_entity.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_sub_entity.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_sub_entity.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm2_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm2_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_attn_obj.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_attn_obj.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_attn_obj.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_attn_obj.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm1_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm1_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_obj_entity.in_proj_weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_obj_entity.in_proj_bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_obj_entity.out_proj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.cross_obj_entity.out_proj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm2_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm2_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.linear1_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.linear1_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.linear2_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.linear2_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm3_entity.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm3_entity.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.linear1_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.linear1_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.linear2_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.linear2_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm3_sub.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm3_sub.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.linear1_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.linear1_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.linear2_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.linear2_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm3_obj.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
transformer.decoder.layers.3.norm3_obj.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
input_proj.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
input_proj.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.conv1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.bn1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.bn1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.bn1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.bn1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.conv1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.bn1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.bn1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.bn1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.bn1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.conv2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.bn2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.bn2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.bn2.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.bn2.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.conv3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.bn3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.bn3.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.bn3.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.bn3.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.downsample.0.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.downsample.1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.downsample.1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.downsample.1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.0.downsample.1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.1.conv1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.1.bn1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.1.bn1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.1.bn1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.1.bn1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.1.conv2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.1.bn2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.1.bn2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.1.bn2.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.1.bn2.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.1.conv3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.1.bn3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.1.bn3.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.1.bn3.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.1.bn3.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.2.conv1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.2.bn1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.2.bn1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.2.bn1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.2.bn1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.2.conv2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.2.bn2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.2.bn2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.2.bn2.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.2.bn2.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.2.conv3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.2.bn3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.2.bn3.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.2.bn3.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer1.2.bn3.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.conv1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.bn1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.bn1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.bn1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.bn1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.conv2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.bn2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.bn2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.bn2.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.bn2.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.conv3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.bn3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.bn3.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.bn3.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.bn3.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.downsample.0.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.downsample.1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.downsample.1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.downsample.1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.0.downsample.1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.1.conv1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.1.bn1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.1.bn1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.1.bn1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.1.bn1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.1.conv2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.1.bn2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.1.bn2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.1.bn2.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.1.bn2.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.1.conv3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.1.bn3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.1.bn3.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.1.bn3.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.1.bn3.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.2.conv1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.2.bn1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.2.bn1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.2.bn1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.2.bn1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.2.conv2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.2.bn2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.2.bn2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.2.bn2.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.2.bn2.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.2.conv3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.2.bn3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.2.bn3.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.2.bn3.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.2.bn3.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.3.conv1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.3.bn1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.3.bn1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.3.bn1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.3.bn1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.3.conv2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.3.bn2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.3.bn2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.3.bn2.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.3.bn2.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.3.conv3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.3.bn3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.3.bn3.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.3.bn3.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer2.3.bn3.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.conv1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.bn1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.bn1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.bn1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.bn1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.conv2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.bn2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.bn2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.bn2.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.bn2.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.conv3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.bn3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.bn3.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.bn3.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.bn3.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.downsample.0.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.downsample.1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.downsample.1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.downsample.1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.0.downsample.1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.1.conv1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.1.bn1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.1.bn1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.1.bn1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.1.bn1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.1.conv2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.1.bn2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.1.bn2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.1.bn2.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.1.bn2.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.1.conv3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.1.bn3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.1.bn3.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.1.bn3.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.1.bn3.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.2.conv1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.2.bn1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.2.bn1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.2.bn1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.2.bn1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.2.conv2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.2.bn2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.2.bn2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.2.bn2.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.2.bn2.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.2.conv3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.2.bn3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.2.bn3.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.2.bn3.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.2.bn3.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.3.conv1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.3.bn1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.3.bn1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.3.bn1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.3.bn1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.3.conv2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.3.bn2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.3.bn2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.3.bn2.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.3.bn2.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.3.conv3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.3.bn3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.3.bn3.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.3.bn3.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.3.bn3.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.4.conv1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.4.bn1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.4.bn1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.4.bn1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.4.bn1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.4.conv2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.4.bn2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.4.bn2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.4.bn2.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.4.bn2.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.4.conv3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.4.bn3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.4.bn3.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.4.bn3.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.4.bn3.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.5.conv1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.5.bn1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.5.bn1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.5.bn1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.5.bn1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.5.conv2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.5.bn2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.5.bn2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.5.bn2.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.5.bn2.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.5.conv3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.5.bn3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.5.bn3.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.5.bn3.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer3.5.bn3.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.conv1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.bn1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.bn1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.bn1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.bn1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.conv2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.bn2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.bn2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.bn2.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.bn2.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.conv3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.bn3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.bn3.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.bn3.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.bn3.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.downsample.0.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.downsample.1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.downsample.1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.downsample.1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.0.downsample.1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.1.conv1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.1.bn1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.1.bn1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.1.bn1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.1.bn1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.1.conv2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.1.bn2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.1.bn2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.1.bn2.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.1.bn2.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.1.conv3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.1.bn3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.1.bn3.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.1.bn3.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.1.bn3.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.2.conv1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.2.bn1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.2.bn1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.2.bn1.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.2.bn1.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.2.conv2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.2.bn2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.2.bn2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.2.bn2.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.2.bn2.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.2.conv3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.2.bn3.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.2.bn3.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.2.bn3.running_mean: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
backbone.0.body.layer4.2.bn3.running_var: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
entity_embed.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
triplet_embed.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
so_embed.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
entity_class_embed.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
entity_class_embed.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
entity_bbox_embed.layers.0.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
entity_bbox_embed.layers.0.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
entity_bbox_embed.layers.1.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
entity_bbox_embed.layers.1.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
entity_bbox_embed.layers.2.weight: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
entity_bbox_embed.layers.2.bias: REPLACED from first_part_checkpoint
so_mask_conv.1.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
so_mask_conv.1.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
so_mask_conv.3.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
so_mask_conv.3.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
so_mask_conv.3.running_mean: KEPT from full_checkpoint
so_mask_conv.3.running_var: KEPT from full_checkpoint
so_mask_conv.3.num_batches_tracked: KEPT from full_checkpoint
so_mask_conv.5.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
so_mask_conv.5.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
so_mask_conv.7.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
so_mask_conv.7.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
so_mask_conv.7.running_mean: KEPT from full_checkpoint
so_mask_conv.7.running_var: KEPT from full_checkpoint
so_mask_conv.7.num_batches_tracked: KEPT from full_checkpoint
so_mask_fc.0.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
so_mask_fc.0.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
so_mask_fc.2.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
so_mask_fc.2.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
rel_class_embed.layers.0.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
rel_class_embed.layers.0.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
rel_class_embed.layers.1.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
rel_class_embed.layers.1.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
sub_class_embed.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
sub_class_embed.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
sub_bbox_embed.layers.0.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
sub_bbox_embed.layers.0.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
sub_bbox_embed.layers.1.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
sub_bbox_embed.layers.1.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
sub_bbox_embed.layers.2.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
sub_bbox_embed.layers.2.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
obj_class_embed.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
obj_class_embed.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
obj_bbox_embed.layers.0.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
obj_bbox_embed.layers.0.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
obj_bbox_embed.layers.1.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
obj_bbox_embed.layers.1.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
obj_bbox_embed.layers.2.weight: KEPT from full_checkpoint
obj_bbox_embed.layers.2.bias: KEPT from full_checkpoint
